Job admin release note (#7185)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions.md

Notable features:
- Job admin is a project-level set.
- Job admins can create and edit jobs, runs, environment variables, and data warehouse configs. 

> - Job admins can set up project integrations, including [Tableau lineage](/docs/cloud-integrations/semantic-layer/tableau).

Reviewer: do we mean downstream exposures? the current link is for the SL tableau integration to query metrics
```suggestion
- Job admins can set up project integrations, including the downstream exposure [Tableau integration](/docs/cloud-integrations/downstream-exposures-tableau).
```
